[VAP] Add get started link to LD app. Remove Frigate as VMS in docs (#3516)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: metro-ai-suite/vms-adapter-plugin/docs/user-guide/get-started.md

> Skip this step if you are only using Live Video Captioning.

> Loitering Detection is a user-provided application based on the Intel DLStreamer Pipeline Server. Follow the [Loitering detection Get Started guide](../../../metro-vision-ai-app-recipe/loitering-detection/docs/user-guide/get-started.md) to bring up the application. Ensure all containers are running, but do not start the pipelines yet. The following services must be reachable from the VAP backend container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loitering Detection is a user-provided application based on the DL Streamer Pipeline Server. Follow the [Loitering detection Get Started guide](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/dev/edge-ai-suites/loitering-detection/get-started.html) to bring up the application. Ensure all containers are running, but do not start the pipelines yet. The following services must be reachable from the VAP backend container:
```

One small suggestion: use a link to the html docs, as a relative link like this wouldn't work on the website.

Author: Taken care of in latest commit
